Add quasi-3D Integrated Green Functions solver (#5089)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/usage/parameters.rst

        In electromagnetic mode, this solver can be used to initialize the species' self fields
        (``<species_name>.initialize_self_fields=1``) provided that the field BCs are PML (``boundary.field_lo,hi = PML``).

          * warpx.use_2d_slices_fft_solver (`bool`, default: 0): Select the type of Integrated Green Function solver.
            If 0, solve Poisson equation in full 3D geometry.
            If 1, solve Poisson equation in a quasi 3D geometry. In this case, the code performes many 2D Poisson solves

>             on all :math:`(x,y)` slices, each slice at a given :math:`z`.

Reviewer: Maybe a more useful description would be: "This solver neglects the z derivatives in the Laplacian of the Poisson equation. This is often a good approximation for ultra-relativistic beams propagating along the z direction, with the `relativistic` solver. As a consequence, this solver does not need to do an FFT along the z direction, and instead uses only transverse FFTs (along x and y) at each z position (or z "slice")."

          * warpx.use_distributed_3d_fft_solver (`bool`, default: 0): Choose whether the 3D FFTs performed in the
            full 3D Integrated Green Function solver are distributed.

>             If 0, the FFTs are performed on a single process (the rest of the code is still fully parallel).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            If 0, the FFTs are performed on a single MPI rank (the rest of the code is still fully parallel).
```

        In electromagnetic mode, this solver can be used to initialize the species' self fields
        (``<species_name>.initialize_self_fields=1``) provided that the field BCs are PML (``boundary.field_lo,hi = PML``).

>           * warpx.use_2d_slices_fft_solver (`bool`, default: 0): Select the type of Integrated Green Function solver.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          * ``warpx.use_2d_slices_fft_solver`` (`bool`, default: 0): Select the type of Integrated Green Function solver.
```

            If 0, solve Poisson equation in full 3D geometry.
            If 1, solve Poisson equation in a quasi 3D geometry, neglecting the :math:`z` derivatives in the Laplacian of the Poisson equation.
            In practice, in this case, the code performes many 2D Poisson solves on all :math:`(x,y)` slices, each slice at a given :math:`z`.
            This is often a good approximation for ultra-relativistic beams propagating along the :math:`z` direction, with the relativistic solver.
            As a consequence, this solver does not need to do an FFT along the :math:`z` direction,
            and instead uses only transverse FFTs (along :math:`x` and :math:`y`) at each :math:`z` position (or :math:`z` "slice").

          * warpx.use_distributed_3d_fft_solver (`bool`, default: 0): Choose whether the 3D FFTs performed in the
            full 3D Integrated Green Function solver are distributed.
            If 0, the FFTs are performed on a single MPI rank (the rest of the code is still fully parallel).

>             If 1, the FFTs are distributed using the heFFTe library. The code must be compiled with `-DWarpX_HEFFTE=ON`.

Reviewer: This last line should be updated, since we are not using heFFTe anymore.

>             If 1, the FFTs are distributed using the heFFTe library. The code must be compiled with `-DWarpX_HEFFTE=ON`.

Reviewer: Could you remove this? It seems that it is not actually used in the code.
